KDS-1752 Radio, RadioGroup, RadioField (#4101)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/components/src/Radio/Radio/_docs/Radio.mdx

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation } from "~storybook/components"
import * as RadioStories from "./Radio.stories"

<Meta of={RadioStories} />

# Radio

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Radio"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { Radio } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

> Either one or the other. Commonly used via [RadioField](https://cultureamp.design/?path=/docs/components-radio-controls-radio-field--docs) or [RadioGroup](https://cultureamp.design/?path=/docs/components-radio-controls-radio-group--docs), proceed with caution.

Reviewer: > proceed with caution

😆 For safety we could call out that this is a primitive and should ideally not be used

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation } from "~storybook/components"
import * as RadioStories from "./Radio.stories"

<Meta of={RadioStories} />

# Radio

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Radio"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { Radio } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

A primitive, not to be used alone.

> Commonly used via [RadioField](https://cultureamp.design/?path=/docs/components-radio-controls-radio-field--docs) or [RadioGroup](https://cultureamp.design/?path=/docs/components-radio-controls-radio-group--docs).

Reviewer 2: Nice doc. Try using `<LinkTo` for relative links :)

```suggestion
import { LinkTo } from "~storybook/components/LinkTo"

Commonly used via <LinkTo pageId="components-radio-controls-radio-field">RadioField</LinkTo> or <LinkTo pageId="components-radio-controls-radio-group">RadioGroup</LinkTo>.
```
